---
title: "Privacy Policy"
date: 2020-01-30T21:34:02Z
type: "page"
layout: "simple"
---

# Privacy Policy

This privacy policy applies to retrolog.io.  

retrolog.io is a static website, therefore no information about you is stored on our servers. However, third party vendors are used for analytics and advertisement.

## Tracking your site visits

### Ads

Third party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on user's previous visits to this website or other websites.

### Analytics

retrolog.io uses Google Analytics, which employs cookies that are stored on your computer in order to facilitate an analysis of your use of the site. The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place and frequency of your visits to our site, including your IP address, is transmitted to Google.

Google Analytics offers a deactivation add-on for most current browsers that provides you with more control over what data Google can collect on websites you access.

Google Analytics also uses electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes called single pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used.

You can find additional information on how to install the browser add-on referenced above at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.

For the cases in which personal data is transferred to the US, Google has self-certified pursuant to the EU-US Privacy Shield (https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework).

## Your Consent

By using this website, you consent to the terms of this privacy policy.

## Getting in touch

You can get in touch via retrologio@gmail.com
